Q 1 - Which of the following is not a keyword in java?

    A - static

    B - Boolean

    C - void

    C - private

Q 2 - What is the size of boolean variable?

    A - 8 bit

    B - 16 bit

    C - 32 bit

    D - not precisely defined

Q 3 - What is the default value of char variable?

    A - '\u0000'

    B - 0

    C - null

    D - not defined

Q 4 - Which of the following is true about String?

    A - String is mutable.

    B - String is immutable.

    C - String is a data type.

    D - None of the above.

Q 5 - What is class variable?

    A - class variables are static variables within a class but outside any method.

    B - class variables are variables defined inside methods, constructors or blocks.

    C - class variables are variables within a class but outside any method.

    D - None of the above.

Q 6 - What is an applet?

    A - An applet is a Java program that runs in a Web browser.

    B - Applet is a standalone java program.

    C - Applet is a tool.

    D - Applet is a run time environment.

Q 7 - What is function overloading?

    A - Methods with same name but different parameters.

    B - Methods with same name but different return types.

    C - Methods with same name, same parameter types but different parameter names.

    D - None of the above.

Q 8 - Which is the way in which a thread can enter the waiting state?

    A - Invoke its sleep() method.

    B - invoke object's wait method.

    C - Invoke its suspend() method.

    D - All of the above.

Q 9 - What will happen if static modifier is removed from the signature of the main method?

    A - Compilation Error.

    B - RunTime Error: NoSuchMethodError.

    C - Program will compile and run without any output.

    D - Program will compile and run to show the required output.

Q 10 - What is currentThread()?

    A - It is a Thread public static method used to obtain a reference to the current thread.

    B - It is a thread's instance method used to get thread count.

    C - It is a object's public static method used obtain a reference to the current thread.

    D - It is a object's instance method used to get thread count.

